there are many to all and we are back with
a new one and of card 5 and in this case
We are with one of the new vehicles
of the new dirty money dlc part 2 already
you know that I have previously uploaded the
two vehicles tuning what would be
then the 20 and the other that also
has really liked the SUV that
right now I do not remember the name but
now you are going to see that we put here the
ball of internet and today we will see
what would the name of the vehicle be
because as I say it's called inhabited now
same but you have it here that the
it 's a car and it has also
quite liked that is the brawer and
then the one that we're going to have now would be
the rocket inventory that is the new one that
they have gotten it called ccoo that is going
cfe this car moves a lot I did not know
very well what color to put now you go to
see that I've put at the end one that
cool pretty good I guess the magazine
of the miniature but still as I say
this car is really cool, it's a car
as well as old and a car a tad of
modern not very much the truth but yes that
it's pretty cool as I say this car
fact would be the third of the ones that most
They liked the ones he has put in because
the other is a little more normal and the
I do not really like that, that's why
I'm not going to upload it because as I say
does not have much to do but this one does
I liked it has convinced me when I
been tuning so he decided to upload it
for you to see
the things that they have and then you do not know if
buy it or not and with this video the
I really like to upload it already
that I can help you choose between what
buy car since you imagine that
you only have then I do not know two million
if you can only buy a vehicle like this
that with this video I think that also
can help us a lot so you can see
the little things that can be put on it
I'm going to put no engine or turbo or anything
of that I'm just going to put the pieces
so you can see how it would look and feel
as you see here the ailerons the
it's true that the spoiler is not very noticeable
this would be here the tail spoiler of
duck and the truth that has been that has
liked and will continue pretty any
car like this and now how are you going to see it
let's put the windows the
window I do not like whole black
because because as you can see the part of
ahead, that's how it's like,
transparent of all then I do not
I like how the form looks if I put it on
that would be black the east side of the
window here as you see finally I
I decide to choose a color after having
been a good time of cortaditos for
that you see what color I put him because
It would be this orange and now here we are going
to put on the face of one so clear
to make it look brighter
car and mole more then in the secondary
it happened to me exactly the same I did not know very
all right
what color to put on him because he wanted to put the
blue car clarito that I have a car
tuned like this in blue but I
I agreed that I had the blue car like this
who decided not to put the blue and I've
put in orange that I think I do not have
none so I think it's left
pretty good, it would just look good too
if I put the target but decided
put on the blue night this midnight
and the truth that I do not know I like has
liked at the end like how it was and
as I'm seeing around here now we're going to
put on wheels the wheels me
it happens exactly like I did not know which one
put so that it would stay fine then to
final already against some that yes that
they liked it and that I think it has been
pretty good so the car now you will see
when I finish tunnel what is left
but as I say it's pretty good this
car sincerely the dlc has not been
bad has been in the middle, so to speak
he has not been in a pretty dlc
normalito since it is basically
what they usually put in the 13 4 cars
finally a motorcycle that if a boat
that if two weapons and a little clothing and
honestly I would like that
face a dlc as he did with
the robberies to banks a dlc quite
great but good the fact that they have
got in the last month and this month
tlc that's pretty good they come back
to the cane I do not know if now in August
they'll put another one back I doubt it enough
I suppose it will be a while until
that they put another dlc like
they did with stilt drinks and
I do not remember anymore that it was the last one
until then, he spent a lot of time
until they have got what would be the
dirty money part a guide part 2 and
the truth is that as I say that is cool
pretty or if that 's at the beginning
we had a bed it's a new dlc and that
it was what we liked so much but good
little by little to see if they put something like
casinos or something that suits you like that
that I think we almost get to put
in the future I hope not too late
but that I put it a soon that the truth
that we are quite especially now for
the little summer so nothing like I'm
seeing like that would be the car as I have
left at the end I like it
I sincerely believe that blank too
would have been fine what would be the
second color leaving a little with the
comments that seem to you or
as you have seen it unites two and you have
bought and above all also what
it seems like if you liked it or if
you wait more so nothing you are agusta
now I would say a lot if the video
share it with our new friends
goodbye incidents